[Music]
when it comes to Platformers Mega Man
has always been one of the most popular
franchises that has gone on to influence
the genre as it's evolved over time from
its first appearance on the NES right up
to the present day it's seen countless
iterations spin-offs and collections
that have kept it relevant throughout
the years by far one of my favorite
games in the series has to be Maverick
Hunter X on the PSP that unfortunately
is still stuck on the handheld it's
essentially a remake of Mega Man X that
features a wealth of content to make
your way through such as a fully-fledged
story as well as several other modes
that help increase the value of the game
in meaningful ways the game playay
itself is delightfully simple and like
every other Mega Man sidescroller you
can shoot jump climb ladders and move
around and it may not seem like much but
since most of the levels are designed in
such a great way the gameplay works well
and can be extremely enjoyable not to
mention refreshingly challenging but
what makes it even more interesting is
that throughout the game you were tasked
with taking down several bosses and upon
their defeat you get to wield the
weapons that they once called their own
because of this throughout the game
you're constantly getting new abilities
such as bombs and new types of blasters
that help mix up the game play and
improve your chances against some of the
more challenging aspects it presents
it's clear that a lot of work went into
the game and it shows every second of
play for a portable game the production
values are simply astonishing which make
it much more than just a simple remake
Mega Man fans will love this game and
it's a great choice for players who are
looking for a serious challenge so if
you can find it for a decent price or
looking for something to emulate
Maverick Hunter Rex is a good
option Gladiator begins as a prequel to
an often overlooked PS2 game known as
Coliseum and sees you being dropped into
the world of gladiator or combat we
tasked with earning your freedom as you
fight against hordes of competitors for
the appeasement of the crowds what helps
the game Excel is its story that weaves
a narrative full of political Intrigue
and allows you to take your own path and
work with one of many different patrons
as you climb the ranks it does a really
good job of portraying the time period
and with a few unexpected twists and
turns it's definitely something you'll
find yourself getting invested in now
what it's called the game play is a
third person hack and slasher that
relies on its brutal combat and visceral
G the controls are pretty simple with
each face button corresponding with a
different part of your body and you've
got triangle for headbutts square and
circle for left and right swings and
finally X for hit and low add to this
the ability to Parry and perform special
moves that are tied to specific weapons
and what you have is a really intuitive
system with plenty of depth to dive into
the real standout though has to be the
insane amount of customization that the
game offers and before each match you
get to alter your character and build
upon the four different fighting styles
styles that the game brings you've got
single sword dual wield sword and shield
or bare fists and with up to 500
different weapons and types of armor to
collect from Fallen enemies there's a
lot to play around with which can
further be altered at the game's
blacksmith allowing you to increase the
stats of Any Given piece of equipment
with its multiple endings unrelenting
combat and nonon endless amount of
customization Gladiator begins end up
being one of the best games you can find
on the PSP
[Music]
When de junr first released on the PSP
it was hailed as one of the handheld
killer apps that was meant to prove that
the console was more than up to the task
of creating quality 3D Platformers and
while it may not have achieved
widespread Acclaim for those willing to
look past its somewhat quiry nature it
offered a fun and truly creative
experience as the player you take up the
role of the Grim Reaper's son in what
feels like something rips straight out
of a Tim Burton movie as your tasked
with ridding the world of demons and
while the story doesn't over complicate
it's full of dark humor and personality
that helps the game really stand out
against others on the system the game
play feels a lot like Ratchet and Clank
and ends up being a hybrid of third
person shooting platforming and hack
and/ combat with DJ's arsenal of weapons
being a real highlight from basic twin
pistols to an electric gun a rocket
launcher and explosive hamsters there's
plenty of options when it comes to
dealing with the Relentless amount of
monsters throughout each level and you
trusty Scythe doubles is both a weapon
for up close and personal or combat as
well as a tool which can help you
Traverse the environment allowing you to
perform double jumps or a helicopter
spin to Glide across huge gaps now
instead of taking on a linear
progression of levels it's all set up a
lot like Mario 64 where you presented
with a sort of Hub world that comes in
the form of a museum where you're free
to hop into one of the many different
portals that represent each stage this
nonlinear approach gives you the freedom
to tackle levels in any order allowing
you to take the game at your own pace as
you work towards unlocking upgrades for
your weapons and new abilities overall
it may not have lived up to the hype but
de junior is well worth
playing driver 76 is a prequel to The
well-known series that got its start on
the PlayStation which takes place in New
York City and put you into the shoes of
Ray who's out to prove himself to win
over the daughter of a powerful triar
boss along for the ride is one of his
friends slink and together you've got to
take on a series of high-stake jobs to
earn their respect which range from
stealing cars to taking out Rivals and
races that add a nice amount of variety
to the game what makes it so good is the
way that it Embraces the time period
from the characters afro and flares to
the way each line of dialogue is
delivered with swagger and salt a points
it feels like you're watching a classic
7s action film and while the plot isn't
exactly deep it'll keep you hooked with
its charm and perfectly paced twist now
the game play is all about driving with
over 50 different vehicles to jump into
from muscle cars and choppers to hot
rods and trucks there's plenty of
variety with each one handling
differently and demanding that you get
used to the handbrake in order to swerve
around corners at high speeds now the
arm foot sections of the game often get
a bit of flack but I found them to be a
nice change of pace giving you a chance
to stretch your legs and allowing you to
take the fight in the streets where you
can utilize a range of different weapons
such as pistols shotguns and rifles and
the lock on system makes poping enemies
of breeze it's quite easy to go into the
game expecting it to be a GTA clone but
doing so would be a mistake is it's not
structured the same way as an open world
and instead offers up bite-sized
missions that can be selected from the
map making it perfect for picking up and
playing in short bursts although not
without its flaws driver 76 is a stylish
and action-packed racer that's
definitely worth take in for a
spin the gears of Destiny is a 3D
fighter that's based off an anime and
throws you into fast-paced spells
slinging combat making each fight feel
like an episode of the show come to
light life you get the choice of up to
20 different characters who all come
along with their own unique weapons and
move sets to master the way the combat
really shines is with something known as
rain shift a system that changes your
moves depending on your distance from
the enemy at long range you'll be
raining down beams and projectiles but
up close you'll be weaving combos with
melee strikes and counters and with the
ability to saw through the air at your
opponent it's all to easy to quickly
jump in and out adding a really
strategic aspect to each fight
encouraging you to mix up your approach
approach and adapt to your enemy's
tactics on the flight of course as with
most other Fighters each character gets
their own screen filling super move and
this is where Gears of Destiny really
shines they're so satisfying to pull up
and after building up your gauge you can
unleash it with some devastating results
allowing you to flip the tide of a
battle and come out on top now one area
where the game excels is with its
visuals which end up being some of the
best the PSP has to offer as each
character model is crisp and expressive
staying faithful to the anime's iconic
design with a level of detail that pops
on the handheld screen the environments
themselves are just as impressive with
vast ruined cities mystical voids and
Lush forests that lend a vibrant
backdrop for each encounter to play out
in with the camera taken on a cinematic
approach that gives each hit or blast
the real visceral quality if you've
played the other fighting games on the
system to death like Tekken or Mortal
Kombat Gears of Destiny will feel like a
breath of fresh air so whether you're a
fan of the show or just fighting games
in general there's plenty here to
love it's so easy to Simply write off
Digimon as a Shameless Pokmon clone and
to be fair you wouldn't be half wrong
but when it comes to Digimon Adventure
it does introduce a fair amount of its
own ideas that help it carve out its own
path the story is extremely light and
amounts to nothing more than you simply
having to tame the monsters throughout
the world with you traveling to
different areas while collecting and
battling Digimon which can end up being
very addictive near the beginning you're
given the choice of three Digimon that
can eventually evolve into stronger
forms but unlike Pokmon you have a
choice in their path of evolution if
they meet the required stats this means
you can have a team of different Digimon
that are all spawned from the same egg
which is a rather novel idea that works
out quite well Now customization comes
in the form of the digi chip system a
clever nod to Final Fantasy 7's material
and sees each Digimon having a grid of
slots that expand as you level up where
you plug in chips for different effects
there are four different types where
you've got red for stat boosts blue for
skills green for Passive abilities and
pink for effects it's a pretty neat
system that allows you to alter each of
your party members abilities and set
them up for any situation throughout the
game now at the core of the experience
of the battles which all play out in a
turn-based fashion with each of your
monsters having their own unique skills
to use on the enemy and whilst the
system isn't exactly deep it does offer
up a bit of strategy with different
Elemental and status effects coming into
play overall if you've been a fan of the
Digimon games since their Inception on
the play PlayStation then Digimon
Adventure will no doubt be right up your
street and for those of you not familiar
with the games but actually enjoy
monster collecting itself I'd say
there's enough here to Warrant a
purchase or
download after the success of the first
game on the PSP it was only a matter of
time until we'd see a sequel that set
out to refine its card-based stealth
formula and improve upon nearly every
aspect it introduced by transforming it
into a slick and stylish experience the
first bold chain was the visuals that
left behind the muted tone of its
predecessor and instead opted for a cell
shaded athetic that lent the game a huge
amount of visual flare and it even came
along with an option to play the game in
stereoscopic 3D thanks to the glasses
that were included in the Box needless
to say this different approach adds a
lot of charm to the game but what really
steals the show is the game play It's
All based around cards with each Mission
and folding on a grip based map where
each move from sneaking past guards to
knocking out enemies is dictated by a
deck of cards you build and play you've
got four different types movement action
for items or attacks support for Buffs
and character cards that boost your
stats or perform special moves you get
to draw six cards each turn but using
them requires a cost where lighter
actions such as moving cost less but
deadlier actions like using a weapon
cost more it forces you to be tactical
with the cards you play and adapt to the
battlefield conditions when the card you
want doesn't turn up it's a really cool
system that's full of strategy with up
to 200 cards to unlock with cameos of
fan favorite characters and items it's
an absolute collector's dream that
manages to keep each encounter feeling
fresh and engaging even though it's not
exactly the most traditional Metal Gear
routing on the PSP its Unique c-based
Mechanics likely won't be to everyone's
taste but for hardcore fans of the
series or those of you who are fond of
tactical RPGs nalg acid 2 will not
disappoint seventh Dragon 2022 is a jrpg
that's set far into the future where
monsters have descended upon the Earth
and humanity is on the brink of collapse
it's up to you and your band of Heroes
to travel through time and collect
several items that have the power to
stop the birth of a final deadly dragon
with the power to destroy the world once
and for all as for the game's main
drawer combat and exploring the first
word that comes to mind is addictive
with eight character classes to choose
from and a number of different skills to
learn for each there's plenty of variety
to keep the player busy you also get to
create your party from scratch and
there's a nice amount of customization
available to tailor them to your liking
with even more options becoming
available the further you make it into
the game may that be weapons armor or
cosmetic choices the game constantly
drip feeds you new items and ways to
counteract enemies with a turn based
system in place that sees you building
an offense around various skills that
can drastically increase your damage
output on top of this the number and
effects of buff and debuff skills among
the classes open up even more doors for
several abilities and will help increase
the effectiveness of others used by your
party members in short there's a hell of
a lot of strategy involved in each
battle and get into grips with the
various systems that comprise the game
may seem daunting at first but after
some time you'll slowly begin to realize
what works and what doesn't against
certain enemy types for PSP players
seventh Dragon 2022 is yet another
outstanding jrpg and even though it
doesn't have the polished ideas and
well-rounded mechanics of the greatest
in the genre it still manages to have a
unique unique personality and strong
enough gameplay that make it easy to
recommend Castlevania the Dracula X
Chronicles is essentially a remake of
Ronda of blood that was completely
rebuilt and doesn't just revisit one of
the most infamous entries in the series
but gives it the improvements is so
desperately needed you take up the fight
as RoR and Ascend to storm Castlevania
and take out Dracula and that's it
there's no backstory dialogue map
experience points or any of the extra
stuff have come to expect from the
series and it instead just focuses
directly on the game playay you've got
to leap and whip your way through a
series of sidescrolling levels
destroying creatures of the night and
the occasional boss fight along the way
and you've got a few ways to get this
done but your main means is your whip
which can be upgraded and grants you the
ability to temporarily launch Fireballs
you've also got the classic arsenal of
secondary weapons such as the crucifix
boomerangs and holy water bombs that all
have a role to play in taking on one of
the game's many inventive anim that will
test your reflexes and skill to the
limits a nice touch is the level design
and unlike more modern entries the focus
is put back on the platforming aspect of
the series while the first couple of
areas are little more than training
grounds for newcomers the game hits its
stride in the latter half from blood
rusted spikes spinning blades and moving
walls there's a lot to contend with
apart from the undead and each level
offers up different paths in the form of
locked doors which can be opened by
finding several Keys scattered
throughout the area if you're like me
and have always been a fan of
Castlevania then the Dracula X
Chronicles is definitely worth checking
up is it calls back to the series roots
and offers one of the most challenging
but rewarding entries to
date Guna is a tactical RPG that follows
a ragtag group of friends who come
across a mystical spear that falls from
the sky and chooses them to wield it
igniting a full-scale war against an
evil empire who were intent on bringing
the kingdom to its knees the story is
easily one of the best aspects of the
game and follows your transformation
from a reluctant fighter to a determined
leader that's only bolstered by an
incredible cast of characters that add a
lot of depth to the events throughout
the game regardless of how well the
narrative is though if the game play
wasn't up to the same standard it would
all be for nothing but thankfully Gia
delivers in this department as well and
it's not just the simple retread of
Final Fantasy Tactics or dis sky as it
manages to create something it can call
its own with a combat system that's just
as inventive as it is engaging each
battle plays out on a grid but instead
of the standard turn-based mechanic each
move phase is governed by weight times
instead every action whether it's a
swift sword slash a spell or movement
carries a numerical delay that
determines the timing of your next turn
faster actions allow you to act sooner
while more powerful attacks require more
time creating a dynamic Rhythm that will
keep you alert and focused naturally
customization plays a huge role as well
with you being able to deck out your
characters with a large range of
different weapons and equipment that
that all come along with different
properties allowing you to tailor your
party to your specific approach in
battle on the whole with its blend of
punishing strategy incredible
storytelling and visual flare gungir is
a game that delivers on all fronts
offering a Different Twist on the
formula without losing sight of what
makes tactical RPGs so good so if you're
looking for something new to emulate or
pick up this is one game you shouldn't
skip well that does it for another video
keep an eye out for the next part as
that will be coming up soon so don't
forget to subscribe and hit that Bell to
get notified about new videos that
released every Monday and Thursday you
can follow me on all of the socials
which are linked below to stay up to
date and and also join my growing
community on Discord to meet many
like-minded gamers to continue the
conversation with I'd like to give a
special shout out to my patreon
supporters Rhino skill Jim shudan
Richard Amy Daniel Dio Omar Strider
Pierre K awesome jacket dude Maximus
Scott Alfred Terry Ryan Alex GameCube
galaxy C salaryman fake and Patty J for
their continued support that helps make
these videos possible if you're
interested in joining the Discord or
supporting the channel through patreon
you'll find all of these links down
below as always thanks for taking the
time to check the video out I'll catch
you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
[Music]